Update troubleshooting.md (#229)
north-road/slyr: docs/src/user_guide/troubleshooting.md

## Data Frames

> If you have more than one data frame in your ESRI product, QGIS will bring it is as a new group layer. Slyr also creates a map themes for each data frame and configures the print layouts to read to these map themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have more than one data frame in your ESRI product, SLYR will create a separate layer group for each data frame. SLYR also creates a map theme for each corresponding data frame and configures the print layouts to use these map themes.
```

Author: thanks - sorry for the lack of details.

Reviewer: I've submitted as https://github.com/north-road/slyr/pull/230
